It is higher than that you want to build the county yamen.
Dragon boat race required
What's the point of this?
Mr. Du, you will know in a few days
For ordinary people
Even the first-class family of fifty
That also needs silver to buy
Adults and officials are guilty
Xiaguan is not only stupid
The lower official may also be very big.
These four great merchants are deeply rooted in Linjiang City
The county government does not know how many of them there are
This official is not familiar with the peace talks a few days ago
Insufficient dust
Dudas don't have to worry about it
Of course it was just an hour ago
Shimonoseki before finding it
Shimonoseki played another one
And that made me even more excited.
The tone is more intense
Uh, Mr. Gao, I will practice one immediately
Immediately the horse is whipping the market
Lord Shangguan
Excuse me
Fill sandbags with soil and sand outside the city gates tonight
Remember that the news cannot be exposed
This official is very useful
I will immediately carry out His Majesty's will
A group of army kings were transferred from outside the city to assist in suing him
today
It will be the last pass for all the merchants in Linjiang City
I'll let them know.
What is true despair?
The price of grain in Qingshui City has dropped to 82 pieces per bucket
Patron put salt
The price of food can be reduced by another 7 rounds
Cui Zhuangyuan Zhicai
That's impressive.
In such a short time
But it can make the grain price of the entire Clearwater City
Fell 180,000
It can even go down.
No force has been used yet
With the majesty of the court
deservedly
champion talent
The old man gives gifts and implores His Majesty to reward the traitor
Cui Xing and Cui Zhuangyuan
In another seven days, he took control of the couple's Nagara family
such a means
That's really impressive!
I will also ask Your Majesty to set Chen Ruiyuan as a model
Let officials everywhere learn
Please reconsider
Qingshui City is only a few dozen miles away from Linjiang City
Grain prices in Qingshui City are controlled at 82
I wonder what the current grain price is in Linjiang City?
The latest food price news from Linjiang City
The price of grain in Linjiang City has exceeded 200 yuan per knife
The people complained
Linjiang County Magistrate Du Jiang also sent the latest good news
Tang River Surveillance History Lamb